Add v1.17.1 (#4593)
fluent/fluentd: CHANGELOG.md

# v1.17

## Release v1.17.1 - 2024/08/19

### Enhancement

* yaml_parser: Support $log_level element
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4482
* out_file: Add warn message for symlink_path setting
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4502
* out_http: Add `compress gzip` option
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4528
* in_exec: Add `encoding` option to handle non-ascii characters
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4533
* in_tail: Add throttling metrics
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4578
* compat: Improve method call performance
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4588
* Add logger gem dependency for Ruby 3.5

>   https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4589

Author: Thanks, fixed it.

* in_sample: Add `reuse_record` parameter to reuse the sample data

>   https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4586

Author: It looks nice!

### Bug Fix

* logger: Fix LoadError with console gem v1.25
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4492
* parser_json: Fix wrong LoadError warning
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4522

> * in_tail: Fix to skip lines with max line size limitation
>   https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4530

Reviewer: It is difficult to explain #4530 briefly..., but it should be more concrete for users to understand this fix.
How about this?

```suggestion
* in_tail: Fix an issue where a large single line could consume a large amount of memory even though `max_line_size` is set
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4530
```
